WIP - Metadata changes (#737)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-o365seccomp: SecurityCompliance/compliance20/attorney-privilege-detection.md

![Document without any labels](../media/AeDTaggingPanelNegative.png)

> After you review a document to see if it contains privileged content, you can tag the document with the appropriate tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you have reviewed a document to see if it contains privileged content, you can tag the document with the appropriate tag.
```
